server/docs/api.md, before:

<a name="top"></a>
# fuse-studio-backend v0.1.0

Fuse studio API backend

- [Bridge](#Bridge)
	- [Fetch bridge by home token address](#Fetch-bridge-by-home-token-address)
	
- [Community](#Community)
	- [Fetch community by community address](#Fetch-community-by-community-address)
	
- [Deployment](#Deployment)
	- [Start deployment process](#Start-deployment-process)
	- [Fetch deployment progress by id](#Fetch-deployment-progress-by-id)
	- [Fetch deployment progress by community address](#Fetch-deployment-progress-by-community-address)
	
- [Entity](#Entity)
	- [Fetch entities by community address](#Fetch-entities-by-community-address)
	- [Fetch entity by community address and account](#Fetch-entity-by-community-address-and-account)
	
- [Token](#Token)
	- [Fetch token by token address](#Fetch-token-by-token-address)
	- [Fetch tokens](#Fetch-tokens)
	- [Fetch tokens by owner](#Fetch-tokens-by-owner)
	

# <a name='Bridge'></a> Bridge

## <a name='Fetch-bridge-by-home-token-address'></a> Fetch bridge by home token address
[Back to top](#top)



```
GET /bridges/:homeTokenAddress
```

### Parameter Parameters
| Name     | Type       | Description                           |
|:---------|:-----------|:--------------------------------------|
| homeTokenAddress | `String` | <p>Home (Fuse) token address</p> |


### Success 200
| Name     | Type       | Description                           |
|:---------|:-----------|:--------------------------------------|
| homeTokenAddress | `String` |  |
| foreignTokenAddress | `String` |  |
| foreignBridgeAddress | `String` |  |
| homeBridgeAddress | `String` |  |
| foreignBridgeBlockNumber | `Number` |  |
| homeBridgeBlockNumber | `Number` |  |
# <a name='Community'></a> Community

## <a name='Fetch-community-by-community-address'></a> Fetch community by community address
[Back to top](#top)



```
GET /communities/:communityAddress
```

### Parameter Parameters
| Name     | Type       | Description                           |
|:---------|:-----------|:--------------------------------------|
| communityAddress | `String` | <p>Community address</p> |


### Success 200
| Name     | Type       | Description                           |
|:---------|:-----------|:--------------------------------------|
| isClosed | `Boolean` |  |
| communityAddress | `String` |  |
| homeTokenAddress | `String` |  |
| foreignTokenAddress | `String` |  |
| foreignBridgeAddress | `String` |  |
| homeBridgeAddress | `String` |  |
# <a name='Deployment'></a> Deployment

## <a name='Start-deployment-process'></a> Start deployment process
[Back to top](#top)



```
POST /communities/deploy
```

### Parameter Parameters
| Name     | Type       | Description                           |
|:---------|:-----------|:--------------------------------------|
| steps | `Object` | <p>The steps (with arguments) to deploy</p> |


### Success 200
| Name     | Type       | Description                           |
|:---------|:-----------|:--------------------------------------|
| steps | `Object` | <p>Steps to deploy</p> |
## <a name='Fetch-deployment-progress-by-id'></a> Fetch deployment progress by id
[Back to top](#top)



```
GET /deployments/:id
```

### Parameter Parameters
| Name     | Type       | Description                           |
|:---------|:-----------|:--------------------------------------|
| id | `String` | <p>Auto Generated by the database</p> |


### Success 200
| Name     | Type       | Description                           |
|:---------|:-----------|:--------------------------------------|
| _id | `String` | <p>Id of the deploy progress</p> |
| steps | `Object` | <p>Steps with info about each step</p> |
| communityAddress | `String` | <p>Community address if deploy process is completed</p> |
| done | `Boolean` | <p>Done status if the deploy process is completed</p> |
## <a name='Fetch-deployment-progress-by-community-address'></a> Fetch deployment progress by community address
[Back to top](#top)



```
GET /deployments
```

### Parameter Parameters
| Name     | Type       | Description                           |
|:---------|:-----------|:--------------------------------------|
| communityAddress | `String` | <p>Community address</p> |


### Success 200
| Name     | Type       | Description                           |
|:---------|:-----------|:--------------------------------------|
| _id | `String` | <p>Id of the deploy progress</p> |
| steps | `Object` | <p>Steps with info about each step</p> |
| communityAddress | `String` | <p>Community address if deploy process is completed</p> |
| done | `Boolean` | <p>Done status if the deploy process is completed</p> |
# <a name='Entity'></a> Entity

## <a name='Fetch-entities-by-community-address'></a> Fetch entities by community address
[Back to top](#top)



```
GET /entities/:communityAddress
```

### Parameter Parameters
| Name     | Type       | Description                           |
|:---------|:-----------|:--------------------------------------|
| communityAddress | `String` | <p>Community address</p> |
| page | `Number` | <p>Page number for pagination</p> |


### Success 200
| Name     | Type       | Description                           |
|:---------|:-----------|:--------------------------------------|
| - | `Object[]` | <p>List of entities. See GetEntity endpoint for entity fields</p> |
## <a name='Fetch-entity-by-community-address-and-account'></a> Fetch entity by community address and account
[Back to top](#top)



```
GET /entities/:communityAddress/:account
```

### Parameter Parameters
| Name     | Type       | Description                           |
|:---------|:-----------|:--------------------------------------|
| communityAddress | `String` | <p>Community address</p> |
| account | `String` | <p>Entity's account address</p> |


### Success 200
| Name     | Type       | Description                           |
|:---------|:-----------|:--------------------------------------|
| account | `String` |  |
| communityAddress | `String` |  |
| uri | `String` | <p>IPFS URI points to entities metadata</p> |
| name | `String` |  |
| roles | `String` | <p>byte array on entity's roles</p> |
| type | `String` | <p>entity's type - user/business</p> |
| isAdmin | `Boolean` |  |
| isApproved | `Boolean` |  |
# <a name='Token'></a> Token

## <a name='Fetch-token-by-token-address'></a> Fetch token by token address
[Back to top](#top)



```
GET /tokens/:address
```

### Parameter Parameters
| Name     | Type       | Description                           |
|:---------|:-----------|:--------------------------------------|
| address | `String` | <p>Token address</p> |


### Success 200
| Name     | Type       | Description                           |
|:---------|:-----------|:--------------------------------------|
| address | `String` |  |
| name | `String` |  |
| symbol | `String` |  |
| tokenURI | `String` | <p>IPFS URI points to token metadata</p> |
| totalSupply | `String` |  |
| owner | `String` |  |
| factoryAddress | `String` | <p>Factory contract that created the token</p> |
| blockNumber | `String` |  |
| tokenType | `String` | <p>basic/mintableBurnable/impornted</p> |
| networkType | `String` | <p>Mainnet/Ropsten/Fuse</p> |
## <a name='Fetch-tokens'></a> Fetch tokens
[Back to top](#top)



```
GET /tokens
```

### Parameter Parameters
| Name     | Type       | Description                           |
|:---------|:-----------|:--------------------------------------|
| networkType | `String` | <p>Mainnet/Ropsten/Fuse</p> |
| page | `Number` | <p>Page number for pagination</p> |


### Success 200
| Name     | Type       | Description                           |
|:---------|:-----------|:--------------------------------------|
| - | `Object[]` | <p>List of Tokens. See GetToken endpoint for token fields</p> |
## <a name='Fetch-tokens-by-owner'></a> Fetch tokens by owner
[Back to top](#top)



```
GET /tokens/owner/:owner
```

### Parameter Parameters
| Name     | Type       | Description                           |
|:---------|:-----------|:--------------------------------------|
| owner | `String` | <p>account address of the token owner</p> |
| networkType | `String` | <p>Mainnet/Ropsten/Fuse</p> |


### Success 200
| Name     | Type       | Description                           |
|:---------|:-----------|:--------------------------------------|
| - | `Object[]` | <p>List of Tokens. See GetToken endpoint for token fields</p> |

Commit message:

Give option to get entities with the metadata

server/docs/api.md, after:

<a name="top"></a>
# fuse-studio-backend v0.1.0

Fuse studio API backend

- [Bridge](#Bridge)
	- [Fetch bridge by home token address](#Fetch-bridge-by-home-token-address)
	
- [Community](#Community)
	- [Fetch community by community address](#Fetch-community-by-community-address)
	
- [Deployment](#Deployment)
	- [Start deployment process](#Start-deployment-process)
	- [Fetch deployment progress by id](#Fetch-deployment-progress-by-id)
	- [Fetch deployment progress by community address](#Fetch-deployment-progress-by-community-address)
	
- [Entity](#Entity)
	- [Fetch entities by community address](#Fetch-entities-by-community-address)
	- [Fetch entity by community address and account](#Fetch-entity-by-community-address-and-account)
	
- [Token](#Token)
	- [Fetch token by token address](#Fetch-token-by-token-address)
	- [Fetch tokens](#Fetch-tokens)
	- [Fetch tokens by owner](#Fetch-tokens-by-owner)
	

# <a name='Bridge'></a> Bridge

## <a name='Fetch-bridge-by-home-token-address'></a> Fetch bridge by home token address
[Back to top](#top)



```
GET /bridges/:homeTokenAddress
```

### Parameter Parameters
| Name     | Type       | Description                           |
|:---------|:-----------|:--------------------------------------|
| homeTokenAddress | `String` | <p>Home (Fuse) token address</p> |


### Success 200
| Name     | Type       | Description                           |
|:---------|:-----------|:--------------------------------------|
| homeTokenAddress | `String` |  |
| foreignTokenAddress | `String` |  |
| foreignBridgeAddress | `String` |  |
| homeBridgeAddress | `String` |  |
| foreignBridgeBlockNumber | `Number` |  |
| homeBridgeBlockNumber | `Number` |  |
# <a name='Community'></a> Community

## <a name='Fetch-community-by-community-address'></a> Fetch community by community address
[Back to top](#top)



```
GET /communities/:communityAddress
```

### Parameter Parameters
| Name     | Type       | Description                           |
|:---------|:-----------|:--------------------------------------|
| communityAddress | `String` | <p>Community address</p> |


### Success 200
| Name     | Type       | Description                           |
|:---------|:-----------|:--------------------------------------|
| isClosed | `Boolean` |  |
| communityAddress | `String` |  |
| homeTokenAddress | `String` |  |
| foreignTokenAddress | `String` |  |
| foreignBridgeAddress | `String` |  |
| homeBridgeAddress | `String` |  |
# <a name='Deployment'></a> Deployment

## <a name='Start-deployment-process'></a> Start deployment process
[Back to top](#top)



```
POST /communities/deploy
```

### Parameter Parameters
| Name     | Type       | Description                           |
|:---------|:-----------|:--------------------------------------|
| steps | `Object` | <p>The steps (with arguments) to deploy</p> |


### Success 200
| Name     | Type       | Description                           |
|:---------|:-----------|:--------------------------------------|
| steps | `Object` | <p>Steps to deploy</p> |
## <a name='Fetch-deployment-progress-by-id'></a> Fetch deployment progress by id
[Back to top](#top)



```
GET /deployments/:id
```

### Parameter Parameters
| Name     | Type       | Description                           |
|:---------|:-----------|:--------------------------------------|
| id | `String` | <p>Auto Generated by the database</p> |


### Success 200
| Name     | Type       | Description                           |
|:---------|:-----------|:--------------------------------------|
| _id | `String` | <p>Id of the deploy progress</p> |
| steps | `Object` | <p>Steps with info about each step</p> |
| communityAddress | `String` | <p>Community address if deploy process is completed</p> |
| done | `Boolean` | <p>Done status if the deploy process is completed</p> |
## <a name='Fetch-deployment-progress-by-community-address'></a> Fetch deployment progress by community address
[Back to top](#top)



```
GET /deployments
```

### Parameter Parameters
| Name     | Type       | Description                           |
|:---------|:-----------|:--------------------------------------|
| communityAddress | `String` | <p>Community address</p> |


### Success 200
| Name     | Type       | Description                           |
|:---------|:-----------|:--------------------------------------|
| _id | `String` | <p>Id of the deploy progress</p> |
| steps | `Object` | <p>Steps with info about each step</p> |
| communityAddress | `String` | <p>Community address if deploy process is completed</p> |
| done | `Boolean` | <p>Done status if the deploy process is completed</p> |
# <a name='Entity'></a> Entity

## <a name='Fetch-entities-by-community-address'></a> Fetch entities by community address
[Back to top](#top)



```
GET /entities/:communityAddress
```

### Parameter Parameters
| Name     | Type       | Description                           |
|:---------|:-----------|:--------------------------------------|
| communityAddress | `String` | <p>Community address</p> |
| page | `Number` | <p>Page number for pagination</p> |
| withMetadata | `Boolean` | <p>Get entitites with entity's metadata</p> |


### Success 200
| Name     | Type       | Description                           |
|:---------|:-----------|:--------------------------------------|
| - | `Object[]` | <p>List of entities. See GetEntity endpoint for entity fields</p> |
## <a name='Fetch-entity-by-community-address-and-account'></a> Fetch entity by community address and account
[Back to top](#top)



```
GET /entities/:communityAddress/:account
```

### Parameter Parameters
| Name     | Type       | Description                           |
|:---------|:-----------|:--------------------------------------|
| communityAddress | `String` | <p>Community address</p> |
| account | `String` | <p>Entity's account address</p> |


### Success 200
| Name     | Type       | Description                           |
|:---------|:-----------|:--------------------------------------|
| account | `String` |  |
| communityAddress | `String` |  |
| uri | `String` | <p>IPFS URI points to entities metadata</p> |
| name | `String` |  |
| roles | `String` | <p>byte array on entity's roles</p> |
| type | `String` | <p>entity's type - user/business</p> |
| isAdmin | `Boolean` |  |
| isApproved | `Boolean` |  |
# <a name='Token'></a> Token

## <a name='Fetch-token-by-token-address'></a> Fetch token by token address
[Back to top](#top)



```
GET /tokens/:address
```

### Parameter Parameters
| Name     | Type       | Description                           |
|:---------|:-----------|:--------------------------------------|
| address | `String` | <p>Token address</p> |


### Success 200
| Name     | Type       | Description                           |
|:---------|:-----------|:--------------------------------------|
| address | `String` |  |
| name | `String` |  |
| symbol | `String` |  |
| tokenURI | `String` | <p>IPFS URI points to token metadata</p> |
| totalSupply | `String` |  |
| owner | `String` |  |
| factoryAddress | `String` | <p>Factory contract that created the token</p> |
| blockNumber | `String` |  |
| tokenType | `String` | <p>basic/mintableBurnable/impornted</p> |
| networkType | `String` | <p>Mainnet/Ropsten/Fuse</p> |
## <a name='Fetch-tokens'></a> Fetch tokens
[Back to top](#top)



```
GET /tokens
```

### Parameter Parameters
| Name     | Type       | Description                           |
|:---------|:-----------|:--------------------------------------|
| networkType | `String` | <p>Mainnet/Ropsten/Fuse</p> |
| page | `Number` | <p>Page number for pagination</p> |


### Success 200
| Name     | Type       | Description                           |
|:---------|:-----------|:--------------------------------------|
| - | `Object[]` | <p>List of Tokens. See GetToken endpoint for token fields</p> |
## <a name='Fetch-tokens-by-owner'></a> Fetch tokens by owner
[Back to top](#top)



```
GET /tokens/owner/:owner
```

### Parameter Parameters
| Name     | Type       | Description                           |
|:---------|:-----------|:--------------------------------------|
| owner | `String` | <p>account address of the token owner</p> |
| networkType | `String` | <p>Mainnet/Ropsten/Fuse</p> |


### Success 200
| Name     | Type       | Description                           |
|:---------|:-----------|:--------------------------------------|
| - | `Object[]` | <p>List of Tokens. See GetToken endpoint for token fields</p> |
